docs(instance): Add migration v1 to v2 documentation (#714)
scaleway/scaleway-cli: docs/migration_guide_v2.md

CLI v1 didn't have any code generation features to easily create supports in all SDKs and developer tools we support.
We invested in our code generation features to be able to synchronize support and fixes across all our tools:

* [scaleway-cli](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli)
* [scaleway-sdk-go](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-sdk-go)
* [scaleway provider for Terraform](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-scaleway/)

### Old unmaintained dependencies

CLI v1 required a lot of dependencies that are not actively maintained anymore.
As a team, we don't have the bandwidth to maintain all the dependencies, perform regular audits and open-source management required to make all those dependencies thrive.
With the CLIv2, we want to minimize them as much as possible and focus only on well-supported external libraries when required.

### Few tests

CLI v1 didn't have high test coverage and no test generation that could be inferred from an underlying SDK.
CLI v2 builds on top of the tests infrastructure of the code generation we have to increase test coverage.
We also support different types of tests: unit test, conformance test, End to End testing.

> ## Commands

Reviewer: The title should explain that what is listed below are `commands equivalences`, not just `commands`

### `scw help`

In CLI v1, the `--help` is required to print the help

```shell
# v1
scw run --help
```

In CLI v2, the help can be printed using `--help` as before but can also be printed by not specifying any arguments:

```shell
# v2
scw --help

# v2
scw
```

### `scw attach`

`scw attach` will connect to the serial port of your Scaleway instance.
It will create a serial connection to your Scaleway server and make it available in your terminal.
For instance, if you want to open a serial port to the `foobar` instance you would use

```shell
# v1
scw attach foobar
```

> In CLI v2, we don't offer at the moment any support for connecting to a serial port.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In CLI v2, we do not offer at the moment any support for connecting to a serial port.
```

  * [`scw cp`](#scw-cp)
  * [`scw create`](#scw-create)
  * [`scw events`](#scw-events)
  * [`scw exec`](#scw-exec)
  * [`scw history`](#scw-history)
  * [`scw images`](#scw-images)
  * [`scw info`](#scw-info)
  * [`scw inspect`](#scw-inspect)
  * [`scw kill`](#scw-kill)
  * [`scw login`](#scw-login)
  * [`scw logout`](#scw-logout)
  * [`scw logs`](#scw-logs)
  * [`scw port`](#scw-port)
  * [`scw products`](#scw-products)
  * [`scw ps`](#scw-ps)
  * [`scw rename`](#scw-rename)
  * [`scw restart`](#scw-restart)
  * [`scw rm`](#scw-rm)
  * [`scw rmi`](#scw-rmi)
  * [`scw run`](#scw-run)
  * [`scw search`](#scw-search)
  * [`scw start`](#scw-start)
  * [`scw stop`](#scw-stop)
  * [`scw tag`](#scw-tag)
  * [`scw top`](#scw-top)
  * [`scw version`](#scw-version)
  * [`scw wait`](#scw-wait)

## Justification for a v2

### Multiple products design

CLI v1 was created while targeting a single Scaleway Elements product: instance.
Scaleway got many more products in its Elements ecosystem that need to be available from the CLI.
Having ad-hoc commands for all our products was not going to be a scalable solution.
We needed to have a more systematic approach across all products.

> In CLI v2, we have a common syntax across all our products: service sub-resource verb.

Reviewer: Can accentuate on `service` `sub-resource` `verb`, with bold, italic, or single back quote ?

As an example:

```shell
# v2
scw instance server list
```

* **instance**: Refers to the product namespace
* **server**: Refers to a resource maintained in the product namespace

> * **list**: Refers to a verb apply to the currently selected API

Reviewer: apply -> applied

> In English, it would be: "list all servers available on the instance API".

Reviewer: In English -> In plain English

### Consistent workflow across products

CLI v1 was designed to offer a syntax close to the Docker syntax.

> For instance, running a command such as `echo foobar` on a remote server is `scw run ubuntu-bionic echo foobar` which mimic `docker run ubuntu echo foobar`.

Reviewer: to run a command such as `..`, we can write `...`

> For instance, to run a command such as `echo foobar` on a remote server, we can write `scw run ubuntu-bionic echo foobar` which mimic `docker run ubuntu echo foobar`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, to run a command such as `echo foobar` on a remote server, we can write `scw run ubuntu-bionic echo foobar` which mimics `docker run ubuntu echo foobar`.
```

While this can be useful for some tasks, there are plenty of actions that do not fit in with this paradigm.
E.g., attaching to a running server sub-resources such as volumes or security groups are not performed easily using this paradigm because Docker doesn't provide the same features.

In CLI v2 we offer support for a wide range of actions on all resources present and coming in the Scaleway Elements ecosystem.
Actions are organized around a set of verbs such as `list`, `get`, `create`, `update` that can be used with a wide variety of products and do not suppose any preconceived workflow.

### Automated code generation

> CLI v1 did not have any code generation features to easily create supports in all SDKs and developer tools we support.

Reviewer: It's not the CLI that has code generation feature. 

It's code generation that is used to build the CLI, and also the SDKs and other dev tools. 

`CLI v1 did not take advantage of code generation features to easily create supports like in SDKs and other developper tools`

We invested in our code generation features to be able to synchronize support and fixes across all our tools:

* [scaleway-cli](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-cli)
* [scaleway-sdk-go](https://github.com/scaleway/scaleway-sdk-go)
* [scaleway provider for Terraform](https://github.com/terraform-providers/terraform-provider-scaleway/)

### Cleanup of old and unmaintained dependencies

CLI v1 required a lot of dependencies that are not actively maintained anymore.

> With the CLIv2, we want to minimize them as much as possible and focus only on well-supported external libraries when required.

Reviewer: CLIv2 -> CLI v2

```shell
# v2
scp root@$(scw instance server list name=foo -o json | jq -r ".[0].public_ip.address"):/my_file my_file
```

### `scw create`

`scw create` creates a Scaleway Elements Instance.

```shell
# v1
scw create ubuntu-bionic
```

In the CLI v2, you can use `scw instance server create` to create a server.
For instance:

```shell
# v2 - Create and start an instance on Ubuntu Bionic
scw instance server create image=ubuntu_bionic

# v2 - Create a GP1-XS instance, give it a name and add tags
scw instance server create image=ubuntu_bionic type=GP1-XS name=foo tags.0=prod tags.1=blue

# v2 - Create an instance with 2 additional block volumes (50GB and 100GB)
scw instance server create image=ubuntu_bionic additional-volumes.0=block:50GB additional-volumes.1=block:100GB

# v2 - Create an instance with 2 local volumes (10GB and 10GB)
scw instance server create image=ubuntu_bionic root-volume=local:10GB additional-volumes.0=local:10GB
```

### `scw events`

`scw create` provides an audit log of all the actions performed by the user on Scaleway Elements Instance.

```shell
# v1
scw events
```

You can still access those data using the API:

```shell
# On fr-par-1

> curl -H "X-Auth-Token: $SCW_SECRET_KEY" https://cp-par1.scaleway.com/tasks

Reviewer 2: write down actual urls `api.scaleway.com/instance/v1/zones/fr-par-1/...`
